24.09 upgrade & RN (#62)
githedgehog/docs: docs/install-upgrade/upgrade.md

# Upgrade

## Upgrades from Beta-1 onwards

Starting with Beta-1 release and onwards, the upgrade process is more streamlined and fully automated. The control node
is upgraded in place and the agents/switches is upgraded using the control node.

In order to apply the upgrade, the following steps need to be followed:

- use the `hhfab` directory from the initial deployment or init the new one using the configs from the running installation
- run `hhfab build --mode=manual` to generate fully self-contained (airgap) upgrade package
  - for control node named `control-1` it will be `result/control-1-install.tgz`
- upload it to the control node (e.g. using `scp`)
- unpack and run `hhfab-recipe control upgrade` from the resulting directory

```bash
tar xzf control-1-install.tgz
cd control-1-install
./hhfab-recipe control upgrade
```

It'll do all necessary steps to upgrade the control node and the agents/switches.

### Init hhfab dir from the running installation

> It's possible to export the current configuration from the running installation and init the new `hhfab` directory with it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the original `hhfab` directory is no longer available. It is possible to export the current configuration from the running installation and init the new `hhfab` directory with it.
```
